# pixiv-follower
Follows artists on pixiv given a list of Pixiv IDs

### Requirements
This requires that you have [pixivpy](https://github.com/upbit/pixivpy) installed:

```
pip install pixivpy3 --upgrade
```
and a pixiv `refresh_token`.

## Usage
### 1. Getting your OAuth token

It is required that you provide a Pixiv OAuth token. Instructions on how to get yours can be found [here](https://gist.github.com/ZipFile/c9ebedb224406f4f11845ab700124362)

Once you have your token, edit the follower.py file and replace the `_REFRESH_TOKEN` field with it.

### 2. File with IDs

Next, you will need a file with the IDs of the artists you want to follow. This file must contain the IDs ONLY. Any extra text will break the program.

At the start of the program, you will be prompted for the name of the file that contains the IDs. After inputting it, the program will attempt to follow each of the artists, one by one.

A list of artist IDs can be generated by using [PixivUtil2](https://github.com/Nandaka/PixivUtil2)

## Keep in mind
that pixiv is pretty annoying when it comes to API requests, so, by default (this can be changed), each request is done 5 seconds apart from each other in order to avoid getting rate limited.
You WILL still get timed out, but for much less time than if you were doing, say, 1 request per second. 

There is also a pretty good chance that you will eventually get your access to the API restricted. As far as I know there is nothing that can be done about this and you'll just have to live with it.

<br>

I don't plan on ever updating this (unless I find a way to fix some of the inconveniences), so please don't ask about it.
